all right welcome back everyone I am
Jenny Dietrich I am here with Pam did
nerd reacts we are actually preparing
right now about what we're going to talk
about I know
impromptu we can do this so we are at
concert marketing world you did a
workshop yesterday sales enable women
yeah I did but that was about it
alright so the workshop is really about
how marketers can better to support
their sales team which is very much
needed
right a lot of time we focus on the top
of the funnel yeah the domaine Jen which
is from you know drive that outbound to
inbound traffic from there you do a lot
of nurturing and then say you qualify
the leads and you pass that to the sales
from my perspective that there are so
many ways that we can support our sales
team in addition to the main gem in
addition to the inbound traffic
conversions and one of the examples I
was talking about is for example a
whiskey company and they tried to close
a deal where several say liquor stores
and the supermarket because they want to
increase the shelf space sure the more
shelf space that you have in a retail
outlets that increase the visibility
totally by doing I view actually
generate more revenue like one way to
actually increase that visibility and is
to have a shelf space and of course the
supermarkets and liquor stores I well
what can you do for me and the still
seem said no I'm kidding what do you did
is they come up with an idea they use
some of the social media marketing
budget
and they do app a Facebook ad yeah so
they drive the traffic waiting like the
twenty five miles radius at that
specific location they do our free
tasting and alone they drive the traffic
to the liquor stores and the supermarket
so it's a combination of leveraging
sales and also marketing to close a deal
so let's go back to something that you
said about handing the leads to sales
and saying okay there you go and I think
that's that's one of the biggest
challenges we have because they never
follow up yeah and then we get
frustrated because of the leads that
we've created so how do you how can we
enable the marketing qualified lead to
become something that they owned in own
in turn and in turn convert them into a
customer you know that's actually a
great questions I know that many
companies have to challenge in terms of
that patent release to a sell side and
they don't follow up and of course as a
marketer you need to find out what are
some of the possible causes that the
salespeople are not following up
right is it because they are understand
mm-hmm or the Li is not high quality
based on the experience early or not
yeah not the ideal customer yes so you
need to find out what the reasons are
and then practically worried with them
to determine what are some of the causes
and obviously both sides them to change
their behavior but it's very hard to get
sales people to changing their behavior
right I mean it's very hard it's very
hard a lot of time what I told the
marketers sometimes is can we see what
we can do we think our boundary to
change our behavior for example one
thing I said but I usually use Lee
genius as an example there they first of
all they work with their sales team
identify ideal customer profile ICP they
know exactly what the sales teams are
looking for yep certain type of industry
certain type of demographic certain type
of title for example yep and then when
there's outbound driving the inbound
traffic right so say people click on
certain type of content and a lot of
times people was that oh you know why
you click on five piece of content you
reach the least going about 75 you know
why you are in QL but really so they
made it incredibly clear that that the
MQL is one specific action that a
prospect needs to do on their website
its request for demo if somebody is a
request for demo they come home razor
they listen yep you know there's a
chance they want to move down to a next
funnel yep right now once they got that
specific request the marketers will try
to qualify that with ICP
they will try to match that person do a
little research try to understand does
that align with ICT if they raised your
hand and aligned with ICP then they
passed that to the sales team oh listen
it's high quality hmm and then you can
say to your sales team match what you
have like your share with me and they
raise their hands and then please buy me
a drink because I do exactly
well-said Ginny well said okay
salespeople we can be bribed so you're
also speaking tomorrow
yeah and it's a shorter it's not a three
hour workshop yes what's the the what do
you hope that people will come away with
after attending your session for
tomorrow's session I think the biggest
takeaway is for marketers like us we
need to understand our sales team better
we need to understand their sales stages
right a lot of time when I was a
marketer supporting my direct sales
force my own code in the field guys when
I supported them I understand my job I
understand my content yeah and sometimes
I was shocked all my content to them and
I made a mistake I want to share with
you and that was not good and what I did
do is I didn't understand their sales
stages what I should have done is math
my content to their sales stages yeah to
shoulder for different sales stages
these are some of the suggested content
that they can use of it I didn't do that
shame on Pam but I learned that's how we
learn exactly how we learn and another
thing is you know how we create buyers
persona
to understand the audience have you ever
thought about it
create a salesperson persona can where
your sales team my slogan
can I have something to say this is how
I understand my salami right but if you
can write that like an essay you can
actually find ways to support them
better my apologies big time alright so
I was stalking you on Twitter last night
in real full preparation for this and I
mean was nice and then I came here with
I don't know nothing that's not true you
know why I came with some jokes thank
you
and I noticed that you are that you for
the workshop attendees you gave away a
template and I do is there is that
something that we could all get by
visiting your website or was it only for
workshop attendees you know what
now Jamie asked just because it was
Jimmy all right with this chatter
because Jean Eugene you special if you
send me an email I send a template to
you Wow look at that
yeah really and we find you easily find
your email address social media channel
you can feed you can follow me and the
DM me on Twitter you can reach out to me
on LinkedIn or you can go to my website
Pam dinner comm just click on contact
and just basically say Sami template
and you say Jeanne said and I was
aye-aye captain Roger that beautiful I'm
going to do it because my marketing team
could use some of your sales no Trudy's
not doing pretty well
yeah challenges we kind of virtual stock
each other family is such a pleasure to
have you it's so good to see you and you
know I would say the speaker party last
night she came up came up to me and said
I'm sorry I didn't answer your email but
you're a PR person you can make some
stuff off right so here we go
thank you very good to see you the
pleasure is mine